1. Print a Fibonacci Series
2. Round off a Number to next multiple of 5 javascr
3. Largest 3 numbers
4. find a area of a circle( r value should be modified), pi value should be defaulted in a function
5. "The Quick Brown fox jumps over the lazy dog", Find the reptitive words in this above string
6. Find the Length of the above string
7. Find the Number of vowels present in the string
8. Find a given number is Perfect number or not - A number is said to be perfect when its value is equal to its sum of complete divisors
9. Find a given number is to check number is Armstrong or not - A number is said to be Armstrong when its value is equal to its sum of cube of digits.
10. Find a largest of three numbers
11. Check if a string is palindrome or not
12. Get the days of current Month
13. Allow a funciton to pass the n number of arguments and find the average of the passed arguments
14. Get the decimal point of the floating number
15. Print the current date month and year in  the screen

4. Write a JavaScript conditional statement to sort three numbers.
Sample numbers : 3, -7, 2
5. Write a JavaScript function that reverse a number.
Sample Data and output:
Example x = 32243;
Expected Output : 34223
6. Write a JavaScript function that accepts a string as a parameter and counts the
number of vowels within the string.
Note : As the letter 'y' can be regarded as both a vowel and a consonant, we do
not count 'y' as vowel here.
Sample Data and output:
Example string : 'The quick brown fox'
Expected Output : 5
7. Write a JavaScript function that accepts a string as a parameter and converts the
first letter of each word of the string in upper case.
Example string : 'the quick brown fox'
Expected Output : 'The Quick Brown Fox '
8. Write a Javascript program to count the number of elements in an array and Sum all the numbers in array and find total
Example Array: [10,20,30]
Expected output:  Total 10+20+30 = 60 Array count-3
Print all the prime numbers until 100.
Print all the odd numbers until 100.