Skills:- MongoDB, NodeJS (Node.js), Javascript, jQuery and Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Education
 Good understanding of the object-oriented design and programming concepts, core JavaScript concepts like scope/closures, the event loop and asynchronous callbacks, promises, API formation, POSTMAN API etc.

Hands on experience in Profiling tools like AppDynamics/Dynatrace, performance tuning, debugging, monitoring.
Experience in Micro services Design Patterns: (Observer, SAGA, Circuit Breaker, API Gateway, Service Discovery etc).
Hands on experience in performance tuning, debugging, monitoring Technical Skills
Excellent knowledge developing scalable and highly-available Restful APIs using NodeJS technologies
Extensive coding experience with SOLID principles, Event Driven Architecture (Kafka), MongoDB, Redis and have passion for coding.
3. Well versed with CI/CD principles, actively involved in solving, troubleshooting issues in distributed services ecosystem
4. Good experience in Quality gate tools like Sonarqube, Checkmarx/fortify.
5. Familiar with Distributed services resiliency and monitoring in a production environment.
6. Understanding of containerization, experienced in Dockers , Kubernetes.
7. Exposed to API gateway integrations like 3Scale.
8. Understanding of Single-Sign-on or token based authentication (Rest, JWT, oAuth)

Functional Skills
1. Experience in following best Coding, Security, Unit testing and Documentation standards and practices
2. Experience in Banking, Financial and Fintech experience in an enterprise environment preferred
3. Experience in Agile methodology.
4. Effectively research and benchmark technology against other best in class technologies.

Soft Skills
1. Able to influence multiple teams on technical considerations, increasing their productivity and effectiveness, by sharing deep knowledge and experience.
2. Self-motivator and self-starter, Ability to own and drive things without supervision and works collaboratively with the teams across the organization.
3. Have excellent soft skills and interpersonal skills to interact and present the ideas to Senior and Executive management